ERB template tutorial (#298)
ignitionrobotics/ign-gazebo: tutorials/erb_template.md

> \page erbtemplate ERB Template

Reviewer: Nitpick: Keep all lines with less than 80~100 chars. That makes it easier to review and to see diffs.

> This tutorial shows how to place a large number of entites in a simulation world using ERB. ERB is the commonly used templating language to generate structured text files with Ruby code. In this case, since most simulation world used in gazebo is defined with sdformat (XML documents), ERB works conveniently.

Reviewer: Consider adding a link to official ERB docs, i.e.

https://docs.ruby-lang.org/en/2.3.0/ERB.html

## Set up Ruby

> Firstly, Ruby needs to be installed. If you have gone through [ignition libraries installation guide](https://ignitionrobotics.org/docs/latest/install), it's most likely you already have ruby installed. To check if Ruby is installed, use 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firstly, Ruby needs to be installed. If you have gone through [Ignition's installation guide](https://ignitionrobotics.org/docs/latest/install), it's most likely you already have Ruby installed. To check if Ruby is installed, use 
```

```{.sh}
ruby --version
```
If it is not found, run the follwing to install Ruby

```{.sh}
sudo apt-get install -y ruby
```

## Create an ERB template

To make a distinction between ERB templates and normal sdformat files, `.sdf.erb` is used as file suffix. ERB language is usually embedded in the sdformat file. Below is a simple example to generate 1000 shapes using ERB templating language. Ruby syntax is used in the template part.

```
    <%
      # number of population
      n = 1000
      for m in (0..n)
    %>

>     <model name="box_<%= m.to_s %>">

Reviewer: Consider adding an example that the user can run and adding detailed instructions on how to do it.

This snippet is helpful for users who already have intermediate SDF knowledge, but a beginner may have trouble plugging this into a workable model (it's missing the `<xml>` and `<sdf>` tags).

For example, you could create a working world and tell the user how to load it.

        <scale>0.055</scale>
        <interpolate_x>true</interpolate_x>
        </animation>
        <script>
        <loop>true</loop>
        <auto_start>true</auto_start>
        <trajectory id="<%= 10*i+j %>" type="talk_b">
            <waypoint>
            <time>0</time>
            <pose><%= -5 + 2*j %> <%= 5 + -2*i %> 1.0 0 0 0</pose>
            </waypoint>
            <waypoint>
            <time>30</time>
            <pose><%= -5 + 2*j %> <%= 5 + -2*i %> 1.0 0 0 0</pose>
            </waypoint>
        </trajectory>
        </script>
    </actor>

    <%
        end
      end
    %>
```
One thing to note is that each ``<model>`` tag must have their distinct names to show up in simulation as individual entities. 

[Here](https://github.com/ignitionrobotics/ign-gazebo/blob/ign-gazebo3/examples/worlds/shapes_population.sdf.erb) is a complete simulation world example.
 
## Generate SDF from ERB template

Now that a template file is ready, you can then use it to generate the sdf file which can be passed into Ignition Gazebo. Use the following command to generate the sdf file

```{.sh}

> erb -T 1 FILENAME.sdf.erb > FILENAME.sdf

Reviewer: Just a personal bias, I'd keep the `-T 1` out of the instructions since it's optional. This keeps the instructions simpler.

[ERB](https://docs.ruby-lang.org/en/2.3.0/ERB.html) is the commonly used templating language to generate structured text files with Ruby code.
In this case, since most simulation world used in gazebo is defined with [SDFormat](http://sdformat.org/), ERB works conveniently.

## Why ERB

There are many use cases and advantages of using ERB in your SDF file. 
Some of them are listed below and demonstrated in this [example ERB file](https://github.com/osrf/srcsim/blob/master/worlds/unique.world.erb):

1. Embedding logic into the SDF, such as loops and conditionals
2. Full access to Ruby's math library, for simple things like PI,  to more elaborate ones like matrices and randomization
3. Breaking the SDF into multiple smaller files for better organization
4. Placing multiple instances of the same model into simulation world without manually copy-pasting every tag

## Set up Ruby

Firstly, Ruby needs to be installed.
If you have gone through [Ignition's installation guide](https://ignitionrobotics.org/docs/latest/install), it's most likely you already have Ruby installed.
To check if Ruby is installed, use 
```{.sh}
ruby --version
```

> If it is not found, run the follwing to install Ruby

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it is not found, run the following to install Ruby
```
